I really loved have um sitting in the
pay fork and the f15 Eagles and then I
also loved being in the simulator and
having them shooting down 10 at enemy
aircraft but I just can't decide
everything was just so good today I
escorted a young boy named Jack driver
with aplastic anemia on the base and I
enabled him to be a pilot for a day so
he have to fly in the simulator look at
the aircraft on a flight line view the
fire demonstration from the fire
department and a whole host of other
activities on base that highlighted the
mission that the RAF Lakenheath
folks do every day
with the Sherman callsign
jack is a very special boy he is
phenomenal and brilliant young man and
he really blew me away with how much he
knew about aviation and when he was
referred to me by the play manager at
Addenbrooke's Hospital she said that he
was the perfect little boy to kick off
this pilot four-day program because he
is he's passionate about flying and he's
passionate about learning more about
flying and learning the history of
flying different aircraft and he was
just a perfect match for this program
thank you love to RAF Lakenheath from
help making me pile up today and I
really appreciate it